hie
hie how are you

how old are you?
my age is my secret lol. back to business how can l help

hello
hie how can l help

fuck you
thats very rude, l will close if you insult me

iam good and you?
how can l help you today

sup
hey how can l help

Iam fine
Ok cool, how can l help you

how are you
lam good how can l help you

l want to ask?
sure ask me, l can help you

what sort of programs do you offer at your university?
we offer computer science, software engineering, IT and ISA

ok thank you for the help
its my pleasure





Where is HIT located?
it is located 0n 105 Ganges road Belvedere in Harare

Can you tell me a bit about Harare Institute of Technology/HIT?
The Harare Institute of Technology (HIT) was granted university status in 2005. Harare Institute of Technology is the hub of technology development and delivery of quality technology programmes. HIT is Zimbabwe's most energetic and responsive institute, offering unparalleled educational opportunities for those seeking highest quality undergraduate, postgraduate and continuous professional development studies. 

Which programs are offered at the University/HIT/Harare Institute of Technology?
Electronic Commerce, Financial Engineering, Software Engineering, Chemical and Process Systems Engineering, Polymer Technology and Engineering and Information Security and Assurance.

What programs do you offer?
Electronic Commerce, Financial Engineering, Software Engineering, Chemical and Process Systems Engineering, Polymer Technology and Engineering and Information Security and Assurance.


Which programs do you offer at the university?
The Institute has four Schools with the following departments:  School of Engineering and Technology (Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering, Electronic Engineering
 Chemical and Process Systems Engineering, Materials Technology & Engineering, Polymer Technology & Engineering)    School of Industrial Sciences and Technology (Food Processing Technology,
 Biotechnology, Pharmaceutical Technology)   School of Information Science and Technology (Computer Science, Information Security & Assurance, Information Technology, Software Engineering)
 School of Business and Management Sciences (Financial Engineering, Electronic Commerce, Forensic Accounting & Auditing)	

What requirements are needed for me to qualify to apply?
The minimum entry requirements for undergraduate programs are two “A” level passes and 5 'O' levels including English Language, Mathematics and a Science subject. Specific subjects and qualifications shall be as per program specifications. 

How do l apply for a degree?
You download a form at our website and fill it in then submitt to the admin

l want to apply for a degree
You download a form at our website and fill it in then submitt to the admin

what is your website?
www.hit.ac.zw

What requirements do l need if l have a diploma?
Please note that ND plus two years work experience and HND in relevant areas will be accepted in some programmes.

do you offer any engineering courses?
yes we do there is software, electronic, Industrial and manufacturing, chemical and financial engineering.

Do you offer diploma's?
No we do not offer diplomas but we offer degrees.

do you offer a degree in pharmacy?
yes we do and its 4 years long

do you offer a degree in software engineering?
yes we do and its 4 years long

do you offer a degree in electronics engineering?
yes we do and its 4 years long

do you offer a degree in electronic commerce?
yes we do and its 4 years long

do you offer a degree in computer science?
yes we do and its 4 years long

do you offer a degree in Information technology?
yes we do and its 4 years long

do you offer a degree in IT?
yes we do and its 4 years long

do you offer a degree in information security assuarance?
yes we do and its 4 years long

do you offer a degree in chemical engineering?
yes we do and its 4 years long

do you offer medicine?
no we do not offer medicine

do you offer a degree in law?
no we do not have that degree

do you offer arts degrees?
no we only offer science related degrees

do you offer a degree in accounts?
no we do not, but we have e-commerce and financial engineering

do you offer a degree in banking risk management human resources business studies?
no we do not offer such programs

how long are the degrees offered?
they are 4 years long

how much is tuition?
it costs 700 for semester 1 and 675 for semester 2 excluding residence

how much is the school fees?
it costs 700 for semester 1 and 675 for semester 2 excluding residence

do you offer degrees or diplomas?
we only offer degrees which are 4 years long

do students go for intenship?
yes they do in year 3 for 1 year ICT and Business department. 6 months for the engineering department

do students go for attachment?
yes they do in year 3 for 1 year ICT and Business department. 6 months for the engineering department

how much fees do students on attachment pay?
they pay the same amount as those who are at school

how much fees do students on internship pay?
they pay the same amount as those who are at school

how much will l pay on attachment?
they pay the same amount as those who are at school

are protest allowed at the school?
yes but only and only if they are peaceful

are we allowed to protest at the university?
yes but only and only if they are peaceful

what happens if protests are not peaceful?
it may end badly with students being suspended or expelled

Can l apply if l have a diploma?
Please note that ND plus two years work experience and HND in relevant areas will be accepted in some programmes.

What requirements do l need to apply if lam not from Zimbabwe/Zimbabwean?
International students may be required to undergo oral and written communication skills tests to assess their proficiency in English. English shall be the official language of  instruction.

Can l apply if lam not from Zimbabwe?
International students may be required to undergo oral and written communication skills tests to assess their proficiency in English. English shall be the official language of  instruction.

How do l apply for a place at HIT/Harare Institute of Technology
Application forms for admission are either obtained from the University Academic Registry or downloaded from the website www.hit.ac.zw.

where do l complain about fees?
you can go to the administration and go to the east wing room E2 they will help you

where can l go if l have issues with fees?
you can go to the administration and go to the east wing room E2 they will help you

where can l go if l want clarrification on the fees?
you can go to the administration and go to the east wing room E2 they will help you

where can l find lectures for the ICT department?
they are found at the admin block in the West wing 1st floor






are visitors allowed after midnight?
no visitors are allowed at the hostels after 10pm

What time does the small gate closes at night?
 at 10 o’clock after that you have to use the main gate

What is the last time that lam allowed to get in at night
 at 10 o’clock after that you have to use the main gate

What should l do if l lost something?
If you lose something, first alert the security guards and they will direct you from there

l lost my ID what do l do?
If you lose something, first alert the security guards and check if they dont already have it, if they dont you will have to go to E2 and pay $15 for it to be replaced.

my laptop was stolen what do l do?
If you lose something, first alert the security guards and check if they dont already have it, if they dont they will direct you from there

Do the CCTV cameras work?
The CCTV cameras work and they are installed at certain points including hostels, car park, library, canteen, classroom halls and administration block.

Are CCTV cameras installed?
The CCTV cameras work and they are installed at certain points including hostels, car park, library, canteen, classroom halls and administration block.

What happens if l lose or if my school ID is stolen?
Approach the school guards they will help you to find it and if they dont you will have to go to E2 and pay $15 for it to be replaced.

What happens if l lose my ID and lam fined $5 because lam not displaying it?
If you have notified the security team then the fine is revoked but if you did not you will have to pay since we assume that you do not want to display your idea on purpose.

How much does it cost to replace a school ID?
it costs $5 to replace it
 





Am l allowed to bring friends over to the hostels?
Yes you are allowed to bring someone to the hostels but sleepovers are not allowed/squattering


What time does the curfew ends?
Curfew ends at 22:00

Are boys allowed to visit girls at their hostels?
Yes boys are allowed to visit girls as long as it is time between 10:00 and 2200

Are girls allowed to visit boys at their hostels?
Yes girls are allowed to visit boys as long as it is time between 10:00 and 2200

What happens if people fight in the halls of residence?
The ordinance dictates that they are expelled from the school. Fighting is not allowed.

What happens if people fight in the hostels?
The ordinance dictates that they are expelled from the school. Fighting is not allowed.

What happens if people fight in the rez?
The ordinance dictates that they are expelled from the school. Fighting is not allowed.

What happens when someone gets sick in the hostels?
You should visit the clinic immediately which is on the ground flow  of hostel 4

What happens when someone gets sick in the rez?
You should visit the clinic immediately which is on the ground flow  of hostel 4

lam feeling sick?
You should visit the clinic immediately which is on the ground flow  of hostel 4

lam sick?
You should visit the clinic immediately which is on the ground flow  of hostel 4

lam not feeling ok?
You should visit the clinic immediately which is on the ground flow  of hostel 4

what is offered at the clinic?
there are qualified nurses go there lam sure they will assist you
Where can l find the HIT clinic?
The clinic is found at the ground floor of Hostel 4

do we have a clinic?
The clinic is found at the ground floor of Hostel 4

How many hostels do girls occupy?
Girls live in Hostel 4 and Hostel 1

Which hostels do girls live in?
Girls live in Hostel 4 and Hostel 1

How many hostels do girls live in? 
Girls live in Hostel 4 and Hostel 1

How much is residence?
it costs $300 for hostels 2, 3 and 4, while hostel 1 costs $450

Why does hostel 1 costs more than hostel 2, 3 and 4?
it costs more because students enjoy the luxury of inbuilt toilets and also nice tilled floors with hot water in the morning

How many hostels do boys live in? 
Boys live in Hostel 2, 3 and Hostel 1

How many hostels do boys occupy? 
Boys live in Hostel 2, 3 and Hostel 1

Which hostels do boys live in?
Boys live in Hostel 2, 3 and Hostel 1

How long can l stay at the girls hostel?
as long as it is between 10:00 to 22:00 there is no problem

how long can l stay at the boys hostel?
as long as it is between 10:00 to 22:00 there is no problem

What happens when something is broken or not functioning well in the hostels?
Consult the hostel sub warden he/she will give you forms to fill in so that the people at maintenance will help you.

my light bulb is not working well what should l do?
Consult the hostel sub warden he/she will give you forms to fill in so that the people at maintenance will help you.

my wall plug is not working well what should l do
Consult the hostel sub warden he/she will give you forms to fill in so that the people at maintenance will help you.

my wall plug is brocken and is not working what do l do?
Consult the hostel sub warden he/she will give you forms to fill in so that the people at maintenance will help you.

l lost my key for the door at the hostel what should l do?
Consult the hostel sub warden he/she will give you forms to fill in so that the people at maintenance will help you.

people make noise at the hostels what do l do?
tell them to reduce the volume and if it is affecting your school work, approach the sub warden he/she will help you

is drinking alcohol allowed at school?
bringing and drinking alcohol to school premises is not allowed at all, students will be suspended.

can l drink alcohol at school?
bringing and drinking alcohol to school premises is not allowed at all, students will be suspended.








What should l do if the food at the canteen is not good?
You should approach the canteen supervisor and inform him the issues with the food.

What food do you offer at the canteen on lunch?
The food we offer on lunch is the same as the food we offer during supper.

lam hungry what can l eat for lunch?
we offfer sadza/rice with beef or chicken

what food do you offer for supper?
we offfer sadza/rice with beef or chicken

food at the canteen is making me sick?
report the matter immediately to the student in charge for food suervision Mr Muchaya 0773 895 300

Do you have sadza on your menu?
Yes we offer sadza with a combination of either beef or chicken with vegetables on the side.

Iam hungry what food do you have?
we have many foods on the menu for lunch, supper and breakfast

what foods do you offer?
we offfer sadza/rice with beef or chicken

Do you have any salads?
yes we do, coleslaw

What is on the menu today?
there is sadza/rice and beef/chicken with coleslaw on the side. There is also sadza/rice with beans for $0.50

Do you offer any food besides sadza and rice?
Yes we do, we offer chicken or beef and chips although it comes at a price. Chicken or beef with chips costs $2,50

How much is sadza and chicken or sadza and beef?
Its dollar per plate?

How much is rice and chicken or rice and beef?
Its dollar per plate?

Am l allowed a refill if food is not enough or if lam not full?
Now we do not allow that you have to but another plate

Why we are not allowed to self-serve ourselves at the canteen?
It will cause commotion that’s the reason we have for now

are we allowed to server ourselves at the canteen?
no, It will cause commotion that’s the reason we have for now

What happens if lam given a plate of food with food that l do not want?
Talk with the caterees who handed the food to you they will help you

How much is a plate of rice and beans
It costs $0.50

What happens if l want to pay for food using ecocash or a Point of Sale
You can pay at the finance department and they will give you a receipt and we at the canteen will give you tickets

can l buy food with ecocash or swipe
You can pay at the finance department and they will give you a receipt and we at the canteen will give you tickets

Can you offer other foods besides rice, sadza, chicken, chips, beans, vegetables?
No we do not offer foods besides rice, sadza, chicken, chips, beans, vegetables

Do you offer pizza, pies, hotdogs ?
No we do not offer those foods but you can get hotdogs from the school tuckshop

do you have pizza?
no we do not have pizza at the canteen

do you have hot dogs?
yes but only on lunch at the school tuckshop

What food is offered at breakfast?
Breakfast includes bread, sausage, baked beans, eggs and tea of course

What food do you offer for lunch?
We offer sadza/rice with beef and chicken and also coreslow or vegetables on the side.

How many slices of bread am l allowed to eat?
You can take as many slices of bread as you like

What happens if l do not eat the foods that are listed for breakfast?
You have to consult the canteen supervisor and he will assist you by giving you alternatives like rice and eggs but we need a solid reason as to why you do not eat those foods. A recommendation from the doctor will do.

What time do we have breakfast?
Breakfast starts at 07:00 up to 08:00 on week days and 08:00 to 09:00 during weekends

What time does the canteen open on national holidays?
Breakfast starts at 08:00 up to 09:00

What time is the lunch
It opens at 12:30 up to 14:00

what time does the canteen open in the afternoon?

What happens if l come to the canteen at 1 o’clock in the afternoon?
The canteen will be open for lunch

What time does the canteen close?
The canteen closes at 18:30 after supper

Am l allowed to take food out of the canteen in lunchboxes?
Yes you are allowed though it is not recommended since there are some health harzads.
Health harzads like what?
If the lunchboxes are not cleaned properly, they may cause diseases like typhoid.

Doesn’t sharing spoons and forks (cutlery) spread diseases?
No it does not as our cutlery is cleaned using detergents

Do you have potatoes on your menu?
Yes we have it only in the form of potato chips

Do you have pork on your menu?
No we do not offer pork but you can try our nice beef



GREETINGS
Hie
Hie how are you doing

Hello
How are you today

Ok thanks
Its my pleasure

hey there how are you?
lam good and you

Thank you for your help
Ok have a good one

How do you do?
How do you do

Kkkkkkkkkk
I do not know what that means

hello whats your name
l dont have a name, lam just here to assist you 

hello hie can you help me
yes l can what do you want me to help you about

djhdjhsdjkjkfjkfajkfasjkfjk?
l did not get what you said

hey there?
hie how are tou how can l help

can you tell me a joke?
no, lam not allowed to do that

who is your dad?
l do not have a dad

are you a boy or a girls?
please ask questions related to the fields defined

how old are you?
l dont have an age

wuiwhjjawfjkadjkdjk?
l did not get that can you ask again

djhnxnmxmsaj?
l did not get that can you ask again

zxcczxzxx?
l did not get that can you ask again

asasaaaaaalllklklkqklq?
l did not get that can you ask again

who is your mother?
l do not have a mother

lam good and you?
lam good how can l help

who are you?
lam here to assist you get information about the canteen, hostels and administration

what are you?
lam here to assist you get information about the canteen, hostels and administration

you are boring?
oh sorry l did not know that will try telling jokes next time

l want to kill myself?
thats a terrible idea mind telling me whats on your mind, lam a good listener

lam feeling lazy?
try sleeping and when you wake up take a bath the read.

lam not good?
what is the problem

lam not feeling good?
what seems to be the problem

what churches are available on campus?
there are many churches including Roman Catholic, SDA, UFIC, Methodist, Dutch to name just a few

can l find churches on campus?
there are many churches including Roman Catholic, SDA, UFIC, Methodist, Dutch to name just a few

are churches allowed at school?
yes they are allowed as long as they do not interfere with school work

are we allowed to conduct church services at school?
yes they are allowed as long as they do not interfere with school work

are churches allowed on campus?
yes they are allowed as long as they do not interfere with school work

who is the vice chancellor at HIT?
it is Eng. Quinton Kanhukamwe and pro Vice Chancellor is Dr Maxwell Chanakira

who is the vice chancellor at Harare Institute of Technology?
it is Eng. Quinton Kanhukamwe  and pro Vice Chancellor is Dr Maxwell Chanakira

who is the vice chancellor at the university?
it is Eng. Quinton Kanhukamwe  and pro Vice Chancellor is Dr Maxwell Chanakira

	
are churches allowed at school		yes they are allowed as long as they do not interfere with school work
are churches allowed on campus?		yes they are allowed as long as they do not interfere with school work	
are we allowed to conduct church services at school?		yes they are allowed as long as they do not interfere with school work










